#summary Project Outline
#labels Iteration,Sprint,Plan

=Group Members=

Jacob Burton

Vitus Dzekedze 

Kyle Cummings

Hameed Ebadi


= Introduction =

The purpose of this project is to develop a web application to digitize and automate the Agile/SCRUM development process. Additionally, this  web application will be developed into an Android mobile with both applications being paired to run off of the same data base. This app will provide a very easy to use and straight forward interface to assist development teams utilizing the Agile model. 

Agile development is done in an iterative manner over short 2-
4 week sprints (or iterations). It revolves around a backlog of user stories that individual teams can pull from. Each story in the backlog is worth a certain number of points based upon how much work they are
compared to other stories. The teams will pull a user story from the backlog and claim it as theirs for a specific sprint. Teams track how much work they can do (in points) per sprint and are responsible for
pulling an appropriate amount of work for each one. Project managers are responsible for updating a “Burn Down” that tracks how much work still needs done over how much time is left to do it. 

This application will be able to automate a good part of this process and then greatly assist teams in the rest. Some key automated parts include the Burn Down, tracking how many points each team is putting out, and assigning points to stories in the backlog. Some key assisting parts include sorting the backlog, a digital project board to track user stories, adding user stories, and bumping stories to later iterations.

The project will consists of three iterations with each iteration producing a working prototype of our application and building off of previous iterations.

=Platforms & Tools=


>Google Web Toolkit (GWT)

>Google app engine

>Google datastore

>Subclipse (SVN)

>Eclipse 3.7 IDE for Java EE Developers

>Google Project

= Iteration Plan =
*Iteration 1* (add iteration time span?)

The first iteration will produce a working white board that manages user stories. The user will be able to move user stories and user story tasks around the white board. All of the user stories and their tasks will be persisted to the Google DataStore and our application will be deployed to the Google AppEngine.



*Iteration 2* (add iteration time span?)

The second iteration will add a user story pile and a user story backlog to the application. The user will be able to add user stories onto the user story pile, and sort those stories into a backlog. The white board at this point is only usable at a project wide level.



*Iteration 3* (add iteration time span?)


This iteration will be the final deliverable.  Now, there will be the project wide white board that was delivered in iteration 2, as well as drag the stories from the backlog onto the current white board.


*Options for further development*


Team specific white boards as well as the project wide white board.
It will add the functionality for teams.

=Group Schedule=

*Scrum meetings* 10 minutes before class 12:20-12:30 T&Th


*Ramp Up Time* Jacob will bring us up to speed on GWT – scheduled time on our own

Kyle, Vitus, and Hameed would need adequate ramp up time.  From Jacob's experience it appears this will take a fair amount of time.  We expect this to take a majority of iteration 1, and possibly some of iteration 2.